doc: improve onboarding instructions (#59159)
nodejs/node: onboarding.md

  * [`core-validate-commit`][] automates the validation of commit messages.
    This will be run during `git node land --final` of the [`git-node`][]
    command.
  * Normally you can just use the `commit-queue` label to have the
    commit queued for landing by the Node.js GitHub bot. But as exercise it is
    also useful to learn how to land commits manually in case the bot or the CI
    is broken.
* If you are landing the commit manually, to make it appear as "Merged" on GitHub,
  after you prepare the landed commit on the local `main` branch, run this:

  ```bash
  git checkout your-pr-branch
  git reset --hard main  # Synchronize your PR branch with the local main branch you just prepared.
  git push --force-with-lease your-fork-remote your-pr-branch # Update the PR branch in your fork.
  git checkout main
  git push upstream main  # Push the landed commit to the upstream main branch.
  ```
  GitHub will automatically detect that the PR branch is now identical to the

>   `main` branch and will mark the PR as "Merged".

Reviewer: Do we want to mention `./tools/actions/merge.sh`?

Author: hmm, shouldn't that be implemented in NCU so that there's no need to install gh separately?

  * [`core-validate-commit`][] automates the validation of commit messages.
    This will be run during `git node land --final` of the [`git-node`][]
    command.
  * Normally you can just use the `commit-queue` label to have the
    commit queued for landing by the Node.js GitHub bot. But as exercise it is
    also useful to learn how to land commits manually in case the bot or the CI
    is broken.
* If you are landing the commit manually, to make it appear as "Merged" on GitHub,
  after you prepare the landed commit on the local `main` branch, run this:

  ```bash

>   git checkout your-pr-branch
>   git reset --hard main  # Synchronize your PR branch with the local main branch you just prepared.
>   git push --force-with-lease your-fork-remote your-pr-branch # Update the PR branch in your fork.
>   git checkout main

Reviewer: nit: I don't think those `git checkout` are that useful
```suggestion
  git push --force-with-lease your-fork-remote HEAD:your-pr-branch # Update the PR branch in your fork.
```

  repository for details.
* If you are interested in helping to fix coverity reports consider requesting
  access to the projects coverity project as outlined in [static-analysis][].

> * If you are interested in helping out with CI flakes, check out the [reliability respository][].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* If you are interested in helping out with CI reliability, check out the [reliability respository][].
```
